<!-- reveiw questions to Submit in today's file firt-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? a way to cearly describe meaning to both human and computers
    
    2. What is HTML used for? for the content of website

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? characteristic of an object

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? main subject or title, once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes...name tags... Boolean attribute

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? The <head> element can include a title for the document,

    7. what is an id in html? The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element 

    8. What elements can I add an id to?  any HTML element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once

    10. What is a class?  an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an element

    11. What elements can I add a class to? any

    12. How many times can i use the same class on a page? once

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? fork

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? specifies an alternate text for an are

    15. How do I reference an id? to its selector #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? section is a group whre div has no meaning

    17. What is CSS used for? to syle web page

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2{}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
might use a class if we had mutiple urls to 
and an id if we had one 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS? witha period

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?.p class

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? when you have classes u[pon class and need to specify which elements will get which attributes 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? #sidebar{}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height property

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?tracking value

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?text-transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div{
border:1px dotted black;}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? *

    30.  /*

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? cd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rmdir

    34. Why should I use version control? it is better for mutiple people to work on at the same time and has better control  for reverting back stops carless saving

    35. How often should I commit to github?at least twice aday every time before you get up

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin firstname-lastname

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork, add colaborator, clone your repo, on your machine cmd git clone plus address,create branch, Push your new branch up to GitHub and make all future pushes to that branch, on GitHub:
Compare & Pull Request,  Add your TL as a reviewer


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? block element is made to take priority with space as where the inline is more flxible
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? follows the parent attributes 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, div br image 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?  -->
